hello everyone squeezes at 6 I hope
that you are well we find ourselves for
a new video is found
presentation of my sacrier d'artix se
do with a new mode this is the mode
to do so I find very very very very
good words from paul and saint brieuc
especially if you are better off with a
on pause the names as always on
starts with leicester will be modeled this
idea rocks exactly I put a little
panel first no graft very very
good since apart from the vitalization see
the g2 the door it is not bad no no
no fossil date aliette has not
of turn and I put a misa cape
until changed with a guardian stationery
if I played with the internet wave
I think they're looking for a
skull with pea very good I balanced his
hastily lost a skull in pm mention I
will be with a friend in the life of the
luck because you propose it looks like
another trick of a donkey the trophies
you and you can see them you
certainly know that the killer of
our desires for transport and back
done on the 18 years become a camp in
big to the features and well
it just smells too much 5035 1355 of
vitality it is hoped that ultimately all
sense this is 1617 the initiative 140
prospecting cat to wear two
invocations his course 335 wisdom 640
of forest intelligence because 50 well
sure not 150 the asset of agility for
choco does not care if you see yourself the rox
directly puccini common sense so
to be able to start with the non-boost rox
just mastery for example
mastery and you type to see it goes up
to 1995 up to me savard and savard and
as all four have come have
stopped by 650 700 so that's not his
august so I would just like and I'm going
to make a second team of chicken we go out
just after we are back the friends
but this time football
we are at 1200 of intelligence and
1015 of agility so I will show
how much can it do fucking the precious
loses so will announce it to his 1150 he to
society ducasse in this sense symbol if
simple criticism 6 to 20 years
here are the clash the absorption I'm going
show you the facts here is your
absorption cc 700 pretty much another
rookie of a 500 flights in which I think
that's all for this video we get
found in a next video
mansart presentation
I looked for another match is not near
to be otherwise you can give yourself a
idea in the comments if you
want of course so this is an article 70
see you next video